At this time, we will have our first split sermon of the service by Mr. Ken Barton entitled, Let's Seek God Now.
Mr. Barton?
Before I start my message, I wanted to share a praise item.
Paul Hammond is
a friend of ours that we ask for prayer last Sabbath.
And he has had surgery for cancer in this area.
And he's off the ventilator, and he's talking, both of which they weren't sure, and even less sure about the talking part.
But anything he's doing well, pray is God for that.
Thank you all for the prayers, and thank God most of all.
I'm betting everybody has noticed that there's an undeclared war going on in the world.
Many are worried about what may happen, and of course that would be rightly so.
Rather than just giving into that, I want to speak today to what we can do that will make a difference by following Isaiah's advice.
Many are concerned with the direction in which our nation and in the fact the world is headed.
Many agree that our nation and the world is going downhill at an alarming rate.
But there are areas where we disagree, areas such as, is there any hope?
Is there anything that can be done or do we just need to get ready and write out the horrible end time events?
So Isaiah 55, 6, and 7, seek the Lord while He may be found.
Call upon Him while He is near.
That would like me now.
in my opinion.
Let the wicked forsake his way in the unrighteous man his thoughts.
Let him return to the Lord and he will have mercy on him and to our God for he will abundantly pardon.
I've heard people who will say they'll be glad when the Lord returns so that we won't have to put up with the evil things that are being done in this world.
Of course, there's a lot that's going to be.
They're not looking at what happens in between now and getting there.
I can understand it though.
It would be so wonderful to live in peace and not have to worry about being robbed, attacked, swindled, and you wouldn't have to worry about some of the stuff you have to worry about responding to that.
Look at how much advertising is done just on the topic
of identity theft.
The thing is, we're not there yet.
But I'm betting there are many who are possibly realizing that perhaps they should wake up and maybe pay attention.
Life is uncertain.
I get that.
Scripture acknowledges that time and again.
For instance, Luke 1239 in the New King James Version, Jesus gives some very solid advice.
But know this.
that if the master of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched and not allowed his house to be broken into.
If I didn't know when that guy was going to pull out in front of me, I would have moved over into the other lane or just slowed down.
That's a reference thing of rec we had a while that several years ago.
There's a reason that God tells us over and over again that we need to be mindful of bad things that can happen.
We need to be mindful of our relationship with Him.
He's calling us all the time to be near to Him.
He's telling us that we need to get ourselves in a right relationship with Him while there's still time.
So let's go back just a few verses starting at verse 35 in Luke.
Let your waste begirded and your lamps burning, and you yourselves be like men who wait for their master when he will return from the wedding that when he comes and knocks, they may open to him immediately.
Blessed are those servants whom the master, when he comes, will find watching.
Assuredly, I say to you that he will gird himself and have him sit down to eat and will come and serve them.
And if he should come in the second watch or come in the third watch and find them so, blessed are those servants.
If that's not a warning to keep our eyes open and pay attention, I don't know what is.
These days, we have wondrous communications capabilities.
We have telephones, internet, smartphones, email, texting, Twitter accounts, Facebook, other applications like that.
You know, if you can't find out what's going on somewhere, you're not paying a lot of attention, I guess.
I don't know, which sometimes I'm not.
If there's a problem,
I'm sorry, many people have phones provided by their jobs.
One of the things about all this is we can keep in touch with our family.
We can teach with our friends, even folks we only know through certain applications, but we can help each other.
We can lift them up when they're having problems.
They can lift us up when we're having problems.
If there's a problem, then there are ways to address it.
When it comes to our relationship with God, He has an even better way.
Prayer.
It doesn't require a phone.
It doesn't require a computer.
You don't need batteries.
You don't need anything except a right spirit.
We can speak to God anytime.
and he always wants to hear from us.
Now there are some stipulations as to our conversations.
We need to come to him in a correct manner and attitude.
We need to come realizing that this is the master and creator of all that is.
That's who we're coming before.
Through Him, everything that is is.
First, though, coming to God requires faith.
Hebrews 11-1, now faith is a substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
For by it, the elders obtained a good testimony.
By faith, we understand that the worlds were framed by the Word of God.
so that the things which are seen were not made of things which are visible.
But without faith, it is impossible to please him.
For he who comes to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him.
The key is to seek him now.
Second,
Chronicles 7, 14, if my people who are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
That's the kind of difference we want to happen in our lives.